# GenerateUnifiedCheckoutV1CaptureContextRequest

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**client_version** | **str** | This field is used to specify the Unified Checkout API version your integration should use.  The recommended approach is to omit this field from the uc/v1/sessions API request.  When omitted, Unified Checkout automatically uses the latest available version, ensuring access to the most recent enhancements and updates without requiring integration changes. If included, the value must be provided in Major.Minor format (for example, 1.1 or 1.2).&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Optional field: This field cannot be configured through the Merchant Experience screens in the Business Center but can be provided in the uc/v1/sessions API request.  | [optional] 
**target_origins** | **list[str]** | The [target origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Origin) of the website on which you will be launching Unified Checkout is defined by the scheme (protocol), hostname (domain) and port number (if used).    You must use https://hostname (unless you use http://localhost) Wildcards are NOT supported.  Ensure that subdomains are included. Any valid top-level domain is supported (e.g. .com, .co.uk, .gov.br etc)  Examples:   - https://example.com   - https://subdomain.example.com   - https://example.com:8080&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  If you are embedding within multiple nested iframes you need to specify the origins of all the browser contexts used, for example:    targetOrigins: [     \&quot;https://example.com\&quot;,     \&quot;https://basket.example.com\&quot;,     \&quot;https://ecom.example.com\&quot;   ]&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  You can supply up to seven origins within the targetOrigins field for nested iframes. If the list of origins exceeds five ensure that you:   - Compare the list of origins in the v1/sessions targetOrigins field against the location.ancestorOrigins of the browser.    - Ensure that the count of origins and their content matches in both.  If any origins are absent or mismatched, the system will prevent Unified Checkout from loading and display a client-side error message.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Required field: This field cannot be configured through the Merchant Experience Screens in the Business Center and must be provided on a per transaction basis via the uc/v1/sessions API request.  | [optional] 
**allowed_card_networks** | **list[str]** | The list of card networks you want to use for this Unified Checkout transaction.  Unified Checkout currently supports the following card networks:     - VISA     - MASTERCARD     - AMEX     - CARNET     - CARTESBANCAIRES     - CUP     - DINERSCLUB     - DISCOVER     - EFTPOS     - ELO     - JAYWAN     - JCB     - JCREW     - KCP     - MADA     - MAESTRO     - MEEZA     - PAYPAK     - UATP&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Optional field:   This field can be configured through the Merchant Experience Screens in the Business Center.  The configured value may be overridden on a per transaction basis in the uc/v1/sessions API request.  | [optional] 
**allowed_payment_types** | **list[str]** | The payment types that are allowed for the merchant.    Possible values when launching Unified Checkout:   - APPLEPAY   - CHECK   - CLICKTOPAY   - GOOGLEPAY   - PANENTRY                 - PAZE    - TMS_TOKEN&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Unified Checkout supports the following Buy Now, Pay Later (BNPL) payment methods:   - Cash App Afterpay (US): AFTERPAY   - Clearpay (GB): AFTERPAY   - Afterpay (CA, AU, NZ): AFTERPAY&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Unified Checkout supports the following Online Bank Transfer payment methods:   - Bancontact (BE): BANCONTACT   - DragonPay (PH): DRAGONPAY   - iDEAL (NL): IDEAL   - Multibanco (PT): MULTIBANCO   - MyBank (IT, BE, PT, ES): MYBANK    - Przelewy24|P24 (PL): PRZELEWY24   - Tink Pay By Bank (GB): TINKPAYBYBANK&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Unified Checkout supports the following Post-Pay Reference payment methods:   - Konbini (JP): KONBINI&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Unified Checkout supports the following wallet based payment methods:   - PayPal v2: PAYPAL   - Venmo: VENMO &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Possible values when launching Click To Pay Drop-In UI: - CLICKTOPAY  - PANENTRY &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  **Important:**    - CLICKTOPAY only available for Visa, Mastercard and AMEX for saved cards.   - Visa and Mastercard will look to tokenize using network tokenization for all Click to Pay requests.  Click to Pay uses Click to Pay token requester IDs and not the merchant&#39;s existing token requester.   - Apple Pay, Google Pay, Check, and Paze can be used independently without requiring PAN entry in the allowedPaymentTypes field.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Optional field:   This field can be configured through the Merchant Experience Screens in the Business Center.  The configured value may be overridden on a per transaction basis in the uc/v1/sessions API request.  | [optional] 
**payment_configurations** | [**Ucv1sessionsPaymentConfigurations**](Ucv1sessionsPaymentConfigurations.md) |  | [optional] 
**appearance** | [**Ucv1sessionsAppearance**](Ucv1sessionsAppearance.md) |  | [optional] 
**country** | **str** | Country the purchase is originating from (e.g. country of the merchant).  Use the two-character ISO Standard&lt;br&gt;  Country must be in the format: ISO 3166 country code&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Required field: This field cannot be configured through the Merchant Experience screens in the Business Center and must be provided on a per‑transaction basis in the uc/v1/sessions API request.  | [optional] 
**locale** | **str** | Localization of the User experience conforming to the ISO 639 language standards and two-character ISO Standard Country Code.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Locale must be in the format: &lt;ISO 639 language code&gt;_&lt;ISO 3166 region code&gt;  Please refer to list of [supported locales through Unified Checkout](https://developer.cybersource.com/docs/cybs/en-us/unified-checkout/developer/all/rest/unified-checkout/uc-appendix-languages.html)&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Required field: This field cannot be configured through the Merchant Experience screens in the Business Center and must be provided on a per‑transaction basis in the uc/v1/sessions API request.  | [optional] 
**button_type** | **str** | Changes the label on the payment button within Unified Checkout .&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Possible values: - ADD_CARD - CARD_PAYMENT - CHECKOUT - CHECKOUT_AND_CONTINUE - DEBIT_CREDIT - DONATE - PAY - PAY_WITH_CARD - SAVE_CARD - SUBSCRIBE_WITH_CARD&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  The default value is CHECKOUT. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;  Optional field: This field can be configured through the Merchant Experience screens in the Business Center. The configured value may be overridden on a per‑transaction basis in the uc/v1/sessions API request.  | [optional] 
**capture_mandate** | [**Ucv1sessionsCaptureMandate**](Ucv1sessionsCaptureMandate.md) |  | [optional] 
**complete_mandate** | [**Ucv1sessionsCompleteMandate**](Ucv1sessionsCompleteMandate.md) |  | [optional] 
**transient_token_response_options** | [**Ucv1sessionsTransientTokenResponseOptions**](Ucv1sessionsTransientTokenResponseOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**data** | [**Ucv1sessionsData**](Ucv1sessionsData.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


