# PtsV2PaymentsVoidsPost201ResponseProcessorInformation

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**response_code** | **str** | For most processors, this is the error message sent directly from the bank. Returned only when the processor returns this value.  **Important** Do not use this field to evaluate the result of the authorization.  #### PIN debit Response value that is returned by the processor or bank. **Important** Do not use this field to evaluate the results of the transaction request.  Returned by PIN debit credit, PIN debit purchase, and PIN debit reversal.  #### AIBMS If this value is &#x60;08&#x60;, you can accept the transaction if the customer provides you with identification.  #### Atos This value is the response code sent from Atos and it might also include the response code from the bank. Format: &#x60;aa,bb&#x60; with the two values separated by a comma and where: - &#x60;aa&#x60; is the two-digit error message from Atos. - &#x60;bb&#x60; is the optional two-digit error message from the bank.  #### Comercio Latino This value is the status code and the error or response code received from the processor separated by a colon. Format: [status code]:E[error code] or [status code]:R[response code] Example &#x60;2:R06&#x60;  #### JCN Gateway Processor-defined detail error code. The associated response category code is in the &#x60;processorInformation.responseCategoryCode&#x60; field. String (3)  #### paypalgateway Processor generated ID for the itemized detail.  | [optional] 
**response_details** | **str** | The reason for when the transaction status is Pending or Reversed. Possible values: - &#x60;PAYER_SHIPPING_UNCONFIRMED&#x60; - &#x60;MULTI_CURRENCY&#x60; - &#x60;RISK_REVIEW&#x60; - &#x60;REGULATORY_REVIEW&#x60; - &#x60;VERIFICATION_REQUIRED&#x60; - &#x60;ORDER&#x60; - &#x60;OTHER&#x60;  | [optional] 
**transaction_id** | **str** | Network transaction identifier (TID). You can use this value to identify a specific transaction when you are discussing the transaction with your processor. Not all processors provide this value.  Returned by the authorization service.  #### PIN debit Transaction identifier generated by the processor.  Returned by PIN debit credit.  #### GPX Processor transaction ID.  #### Cielo For Cielo, this value is the non-sequential unit (NSU) and is supported for all transactions. The value is generated by Cielo or the issuing bank.  #### Comercio Latino For Comercio Latino, this value is the proof of sale or non-sequential unit (NSU) number generated by the acquirers Cielo and Rede, or the issuing bank.  #### CyberSource through VisaNet and GPN For details about this value for CyberSource through VisaNet and GPN, see \&quot;processorInformation.networkTransactionId\&quot; in [REST API Fields](https://developer.cybersource.com/content/dam/docs/cybs/en-us/apifields/reference/all/rest/api-fields.pdf)  #### Moneris This value identifies the transaction on a host system. It contains the following information: - Terminal used to process the transaction - Shift during which the transaction took place - Batch number - Transaction number within the batch You must store this value. If you give the customer a receipt, display this value on the receipt.  **Example** For the value 66012345001069003: - Terminal ID &#x3D; 66012345 - Shift number &#x3D; 001 - Batch number &#x3D; 069 - Transaction number &#x3D; 003  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


