# Tmsv2TokenizedCard

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | The Id of the Tokenized Card.  | [optional] 
**object** | **str** | The type. Possible Values: - tokenizedCard  | [optional] 
**source** | **str** | Source of the card details. Possible Values: - ONFILE - TOKEN - ISSUER  | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | State of the network token or network token provision. Possible Values:   - ACTIVE : Network token is active.   - SUSPENDED : Network token is suspended. This state can change back to ACTIVE.   - DELETED : This is a final state for a network token instance.   - UNPROVISIONED : A previous network token.  | [optional] 
**enrollment_id** | **str** | Unique id to identify this PAN/ enrollment.  | [optional] 
**token_reference_id** | **str** | Unique ID for netwrok token.  | [optional] 
**number** | **str** | The token requestor&#39;s network token for the provided PAN and consumer Id, if available.  | [optional] 
**expiration_month** | **str** | Two-digit month in which the network token expires. Format: &#x60;MM&#x60;. Possible Values: &#x60;01&#x60; through &#x60;12&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**expiration_year** | **str** | Four-digit year in which the network token expires. Format: &#x60;YYYY&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | The type of card (Card Network). Possible Values: - visa - mastercard - americanexpress  | [optional] 
**reason** | **str** | Indicates the reason why the network token provision request failed. Possible Values: - INVALID_REQUEST : The network token provision request contained invalid data. - CARD_VERIFICATION_FAILED : The network token provision request contained data that could not be verified. - CARD_NOT_ELIGIBLE : Card can currently not be used with issuer for tokenization. - CARD_NOT_ALLOWED : Card can currently not be used with card association for tokenization. - DECLINED : Card can currently not be used with issuer for tokenization. - SERVICE_UNAVAILABLE : The network token service was unavailable or timed out. - SYSTEM_ERROR : An unexpected error occurred with network token service, check configuration.  | [optional] 
**cryptogram** | **str** | Value generated by the card association to be used alongside the network token for processing a payment. This field is returned by default for Visa and Mastercard network tokens. It can also be explicitly requested using paymentCredentialType: CRYPTOGRAM.  | [optional] 
**security_code** | **str** | Dynamic number generated by the card association to be used alongside the network token for processing a payment. - For American Express: Dynamic Card Secure Code (DCSC) returned by default. - For Visa: DTVV cryptogram when explicitly requested using paymentCredentialType: SECURITY_CODE. It can also be explicitly requested using paymentCredentialType: SECURITY_CODE.  | [optional] 
**eci** | **str** | Raw Electronic Commerce Indicator provided by the card association with the result of the cardholder authentication.  | [optional] 
**requestor_id** | **str** | 11-digit identifier that uniquely identifies the Token Requestor.  | [optional] 
**payment_account_reference** | **str** | Payment account reference.  | [optional] 
**application_transaction_counter** | **str** | A sequence counter used as part of the input to the TAVV cryptogram and it is incremented for each cryptogram generation. This field is only returned for Visa network tokens.  | [optional] 
**card** | [**Tmsv2TokenizedCardCard**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardCard.md) |  | [optional] 
**verification_results** | [**Tmsv2TokenizedCardVerificationResults**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardVerificationResults.md) |  | [optional] 
**metadata** | [**Tmsv2TokenizedCardMetadata**](Tmsv2TokenizedCardMetadata.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


