# V2paymentsidcapturesOrderInformationAmountDetails

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**total_amount** | **str** | Grand total for the order. You can include a decimal point (.), but no other special characters. CyberSource truncates the amount to the correct number of decimal places.  * CTV, FDCCompass, Paymentech (&lt;&#x3D; 12)  For processor-specific information, see the grand_total_amount field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**currency** | **str** | Currency used for the order. Use the three-character ISO Standard Currency Codes.  For an authorization reversal or a capture, you must use the same currency that you used in your request for Payment API.  | [optional] 
**discount_amount** | **str** | Total discount amount applied to the order.  For processor-specific information, see the order_discount_amount field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**duty_amount** | **str** | Total charges for any import or export duties included in the order.  For processor-specific information, see the duty_amount field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**tax_amount** | **str** | Total tax amount for all the items in the order.  For processor-specific information, see the total_tax_amount field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**national_tax_included** | **str** | Flag that indicates whether a national tax is included in the order total.  Possible values:   - **0**: national tax not included  - **1**: national tax included  For processor-specific information, see the national_tax_indicator field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**tax_applied_after_discount** | **str** | Flag that indicates how the merchant manages discounts.  Possible values:   - **0**: no invoice level discount included  - **1**: tax calculated on the postdiscount invoice total  - **2**: tax calculated on the prediscount invoice total  For processor-specific information, see the order_discount_management_indicator field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**tax_applied_level** | **str** | Flag that indicates how you calculate tax.  Possible values:   - **0**: net prices with tax calculated at line item level  - **1**: net prices with tax calculated at invoice level  - **2**: gross prices with tax provided at line item level  - **3**: gross prices with tax provided at invoice level  - **4**: no tax applies on the invoice for the transaction  For processor-specific information, see the tax_management_indicator field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**tax_type_code** | **str** | For tax amounts that can be categorized as one tax type.  This field contains the tax type code that corresponds to the entry in the _lineItems.taxAmount_ field.  Possible values:   - **056**: sales tax (U.S only)  - **TX~**: all taxes (Canada only)   Note ~ &#x3D; space.  For processor-specific information, see the total_tax_type_code field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**freight_amount** | **str** | Total freight or shipping and handling charges for the order. When you include this field in your request, you must also include the **totalAmount** field.  For processor-specific information, see the freight_amount field in [Level II and Level III Processing Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/Level_2_3_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**foreign_amount** | **str** | Converted amount returned by the DCC service.  For processor-specific information, see the foreign_amount field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**foreign_currency** | **str** | Billing currency returned by the DCC service.  For processor-specific information, see the foreign_currency field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**exchange_rate** | **str** | Exchange rate returned by the DCC service. Includes a decimal point and a maximum of 4 decimal places.  For processor-specific information, see the exchange_rate field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**exchange_rate_time_stamp** | **str** | Time stamp for the exchange rate. This value is returned by the DCC service.  Format: &#x60;YYYYMMDD~HH:MM&#x60;  where ~ denotes a space.  For processor-specific information, see the exchange_rate_timestamp field in [Credit Card Services Using the SCMP API.](http://apps.cybersource.com/library/documentation/dev_guides/CC_Svcs_SCMP_API/html)  | [optional] 
**amex_additional_amounts** | [**list[V2paymentsOrderInformationAmountDetailsAmexAdditionalAmounts]**](V2paymentsOrderInformationAmountDetailsAmexAdditionalAmounts.md) |  | [optional] 
**tax_details** | [**list[V2paymentsOrderInformationAmountDetailsTaxDetails]**](V2paymentsOrderInformationAmountDetailsTaxDetails.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


